feat: experimental fonts (#11302)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/fonts.mdx

This guide will show you how to add web fonts to your project and use them in your components.

:::note[Experimental Fonts API]

> Read more about the built-in [experimental fonts API](/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts/).

Reviewer: We *could* add something about benefits here/why they should check it out.

Reviewer: Added!

> :::note[Experimental Fonts API]
> Read more about the built-in [experimental fonts API](/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip[Experimental Fonts API]
Learn about Astro's [experimental Fonts API](/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts/) that allows you to use fonts from your filesystem and various font providers through a unified, fully customizable and type-safe API.
```

> Learn about Astro's [experimental Fonts API](/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts/) that allows you to use fonts from your filesystem and various font providers through a unified, fully customizable and type-safe API.

Reviewer 2: comma nit
```suggestion
Learn about Astro's [experimental Fonts API](/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts/) that allows you to use fonts from your filesystem and various font providers through a unified, fully customizable, and type-safe API.
```
